ROX-27694: Update docs for collector runtime configuration (#87113)
openshift/openshift-docs: operating/using-collector-runtime-configuration.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="using-collector-runtime-configuration"]
= Using Collector runtime configuration
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]

:FeatureName: Using Collector runtime configuration
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]
:!FeatureName:

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
Collector runtime configuration enables you to modify some collector behaviors without restarting Collector. Collector runtime configuration is set using a `ConfigMap` object called `collector-config`. When you create or update the `ConfigMap` object, Collector refreshes the runtime configuration. When you delete the `ConfigMap` object, the settings revert to the default runtime configuration values.

> Currently, only two settings are controlled by using Collector runtime configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only two settings are controlled by using Collector runtime configuration:
```

> * `networking.externalIps.enabled` controls if the visualizing external entities feature is enabled or disabled. The default is `DISABLED`. Note that in 4.6 this setting was `networking.externalIps.enable` and was a boolean. For more information, see xref:../operating/visualizing-external-entities.adoc#visualizing-external-entities[Visualizing external entities].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `networking.externalIps.enabled` controls if the visualizing external entities feature is enabled or disabled. The default is `DISABLED`. In release 4.6, this setting was `networking.externalIps.enable` and was a boolean. For more information, see xref:../operating/visualizing-external-entities.adoc#visualizing-external-entities[Visualizing external entities].
```
